Belis Aladag: Okay, this is Anthony Whitmer,
Belis Aladag: Just for the record. I've checked this patient on cures, which is the database to look up a prescribed
Belis Aladag: Controlled Substances the patient does have a record showing number 12
Belis Aladag: Prescribed number 12 pills of hydrocodone acetaminophen 7.5 dash 325 milligrams and he had those 12 pills on 1126
Belis Aladag: And then he had another 12 pills, the same prescribed on January 24 and then another six pills of five milligrams prescribed on 126 another 28 pills. Of the five prescribed 129
Belis Aladag: And then finally, the most recent prescription on site is Jeff. Sorry, February 10 he was given number 10 of the five milligram dash 325 milligrams hydrocodone acetaminophen.
Belis Aladag: Medications, all of them are from different prescribers a doctor tyranny. Dr. Stevens. Oh, sorry. Stevens is a physician's assistant Dr Leffler and Dr. Saunders. Most recently, okay, admitting patient
Belis Aladag: Hello, Anthony.
Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Hello. Hi.
Anthony Whitmer: Hi, are you
Belis Aladag: Good. I'm Dr. Ella DAG, how are you
Anthony Whitmer: I'm pretty good. Good to meet you.
Belis Aladag: Nice to meet you. Through this virtual visit
Anthony Whitmer: For me, I just was
Belis Aladag: Well, you did.
Belis Aladag: Great.
Belis Aladag: You did great, because you're eager. That means you made it through.
Anthony Whitmer: But I got
Belis Aladag: You got it. So hopefully next time it'll be an old hat, you know,
Belis Aladag: Okay, so. Well, welcome. And I just want to introduce myself to you tell you a little bit about me. I'm Dr. Allah DAG and i a family physician and an addiction oncologist, so I do both.
Belis Aladag: I'm trained in both. And so in this case for you. It seems that I'm here to help you navigate a substance use opioid use disorder. Is that correct,
Anthony Whitmer: That's right.
Belis Aladag: So tell me a bit about you, what's been going on with you what you've tried, what didn't work. What's going on.
Anthony Whitmer: I guess my addition started probably around 15 with marijuana and things like that.
Anthony Whitmer: Okay, it got pretty serious in 1998. Okay. Just give me. I was carjacked in the shot five times in Indiana at a restaurant.
Anthony Whitmer: I still have more to me, to this day, and I took a lot of pain medicine over that time period for about two years.
Anthony Whitmer: I became dependent on and become a vicious cycle. The where the doctors were at that time in the last summer I car now. Yeah.
Anthony Whitmer: And I
Anthony Whitmer: Really strong and I ended up going into a methadone program.
Belis Aladag: Here with that was that. How many years in so 2000 about two years. So you got shot nine times he ate two years, you were on the prescription meds.
Belis Aladag: 2000 right
Belis Aladag: Then did you go into the Methadone clinic.
Anthony Whitmer: Yes, finally, the doctors. They tried everything to get me going down and it just wasn't happening.
Anthony Whitmer: If I wasn't getting it from the doctors. I was getting it from the streets. I'm just trying to be honest.
Yes.
Anthony Whitmer: It got to a point to where it wasn't even about being high, it was just about function, because they were jokes. Yeah. And I've been in and now about patient
Anthony Whitmer: I do very well in a structured program.
Anthony Whitmer: That being said, I recently tore my rotator cuff at work, and I've been in so many years. So I've taken pain medicine. I figured I would be okay well that last couple weeks and then I was taking one or two per tribe. I was taking three or four yeah I was right back down that road. I went
Belis Aladag: Here. Sorry. When did you tear the rotator cuff.
Belis Aladag: September September. Okay. So it started September and then started getting out of hand again.
Yes.
Anthony Whitmer: I kind of really back in and was doing fairly well.
Anthony Whitmer: About a month and a half ago I fractured my foot and three spots.
Anthony Whitmer: And there was more pain medicine at that point and I just don't even want to chance it anymore.
Anthony Whitmer: So I just don't want to be addicted and having that function from buying drugs on the street, me and said, and as fed up a little
Anthony Whitmer: Bit on Suboxone before in the past, and it works really well for okay
Belis Aladag: So you've been on you were in the Methadone clinic, kind of, were you using them.
Belis Aladag: Though, or were you
Anthony Whitmer: Pretty
Anthony Whitmer: Taking the methodology. Yeah. As far as opening that I was completely
Oh,
Anthony Whitmer: I was smoking marijuana while I was in medical program like
Belis Aladag: Taking the Methadone in the mornings and then getting on with your day for the
Anthony Whitmer: open heart.
Anthony Whitmer: Okay, so
Belis Aladag: Then, and then and then you. When did you try Suboxone later on you you yeah
Anthony Whitmer: happened was is I actually, I went to jail. And I came, I withdrew for a couple months in jail methadone is crazy, Beast.
Anthony Whitmer: And after that I didn't want go back on methadone, because it was so hard to get off of it. So when I got out, I got into Suboxone program. And at first I started on 76. Okay. Real quick, the reward for me because it didn't have a marker for opiates.
Anthony Whitmer: I eventually went to the strips and had pretty good success. And then when I got out here. I moved from Indiana to here, July, and I was clean off everything and
Someone calling it
Anthony Whitmer: Okay there. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: I'm here. Okay, so you move to Cal, where are you right now, California. Yeah.
Anthony Whitmer: Let me get my speaker.
Belis Aladag: Can you hear me now.
Anthony Whitmer: Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you were saying you move to California from Indiana in July.
Belis Aladag: And then did you continue your Suboxone prescription or did you never established care.
Anthony Whitmer: Well, I just never established the care here and I wasn't really familiar with the programs out here into the last week or two.
Belis Aladag: I see. So, so it's kind of been hit or miss. Since then, and then you injured yourself in September, then it got worse and then right then and then fractured your foot again in is it in February that haven't our January.
Anthony Whitmer: Yeah, the middle of February. What happens first have surgery on now, but I kind of been putting it off.
Anthony Whitmer: What foot which foot
Belis Aladag: Left foot
Anthony Whitmer: Notice my right foot. Um, I have a fraction on the outside ankle bone that's where the bone is completely broken off of the tip of ankle bone.
Anthony Whitmer: Fracture and the left side, my foot. One of the top
Belis Aladag: Okay, I see. So you have a fractured right foot, you have a rotator cuff tear which side is that
Anthony Whitmer: Left side.
Belis Aladag: Left side rotator cuff tear. So you have those two injuries.
Belis Aladag: And any other medical issues. Anything that you take
Anthony Whitmer: On other than that.
I'm pretty
Anthony Whitmer: Cold right now but
Belis Aladag: Yeah. OK. OK.
Belis Aladag: OK, I see. And then you mentioned the right foot fracture. Did you see a doctor, where they were like you need surgery or you're not.
Anthony Whitmer: Sure. Yes, ma'am. That's kind of why I've been putting it off a little bit. I seen Dr. Bella here in Crescent City, California is the orthopedic specialist
Anthony Whitmer: Dr bellows.
Anthony Whitmer: Okay. He told me that you know I needed some screws and probably the best I can hope for is a lamp.
Anthony Whitmer: I wasn't real happy with that. So I went, seeing a doctor weaker and Grants Pass.
Anthony Whitmer: Okay, his diagnosis was completely different. With Dr bellows. So I'm kind of maybe looking for a third
Anthony Whitmer: Opinion opinion. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So you want to avoid obviously you want to avoid invasive surgery. If you can, but you don't want to leave your foot deformed, if you, you know, you don't want to neglect it.
Belis Aladag: But in terms of Nat, please do let's let's stay in touch about where you're at, with that because
Belis Aladag: What we'll do is we'll, we'll put you on Suboxone are you currently on any buprenorphine naloxone tablet yet.
Anthony Whitmer: No, no, I haven't taken, I'll be honest with you, man. Probably about two weeks ago I came across some industry and I bought a couple of strips and I was splitting them like an accordion the strip, just so I did withdraw.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you've been taking the, the ones you found on that you know that you bought on your own little quarters of a strip of eights. Is that right,
Anthony Whitmer: Right, I would take a strip and I would break it into four pieces and I was doing just a quarter of a trip a day just to, you know, just show I wasn't withdrawing
Belis Aladag: So, so the other thing I was going to tell you is we have every state has it, but in California. We have our own state database of like controlled substance sales right so i can i can see in the chart.
Belis Aladag: Is you actually, you did receive some hydrocodone pills. The last
Belis Aladag: So it may not be completely up to date, but the last thing they have listed for you is you got about 10 pills. Of the five milligram version, you got that.
Anthony Whitmer: On
Belis Aladag: The 10th of February.
Belis Aladag: From Saunders. So we have that the are you saying that after Dr. Saunders, is that prescription you you went on to your own Suboxone. Is that right,
Anthony Whitmer: Or mix between or no. Well, I could just tell that 1213 bills at a time. I knew I could just tell that it was going to get out of control and didn't take me two or three days to be taken eight or 10 of them you know i mean there's just no good.
Belis Aladag: You knew it wasn't going to be a sustainable thing. So you found Suboxone on your own. And you've been trying to take it right so
Belis Aladag: I mean it's not great that you buy elicit but what I'm saying is it's good that you chose to you get on the treatment, rather than continue to
Anthony Whitmer: Use the stuff that you know I continue to live my my dictionary or worse and worse and worse.
Anthony Whitmer: Consequences for you. I mean, because it comes with consequences.
Belis Aladag: It definitely does. So you made the right choice. And then, now you've brought yourself here so you can get it officially not illicitly
Belis Aladag: And right so the last time you took a little piece of that was yesterday today.
Anthony Whitmer: Um I done it three days ago.
Anthony Whitmer: Three days and I'm a little bit ship right now. You know, I'm not bad but I just, I'm not comfortable
Belis Aladag: Okay, so. So the good news is I, it sounds like we can go ahead and start you right away. So as soon as I can prescribe this for you. You can go to the pharmacy and get it.
Anthony Whitmer: You should be able to
Belis Aladag: Put it under your tongue. Let it melt. You know how to do this.
Anthony Whitmer: Because
Belis Aladag: If you chew it you bypass your system. You don't feel it. You want to make sure it melts under your tongue. Um, do you have a preference sometimes
Belis Aladag: Depending on your insurance. The insurance pays for the film. Sometimes they pay for the tablet better. Do you have a preference. Do you want to try going generic and
Anthony Whitmer: Seeing my personally I'd rather be on the strips, if I can. You want to do the film is what I would like to take
Belis Aladag: Okay, let's try that. Because you're used to it and hopefully your insurance will cover it. Fine. And if we need to switch because of coverage will switch it
Anthony Whitmer: Okay.
Belis Aladag: It's all the same, but it just formulation might be easier if you like strips more. Okay, so we'll do that.
Belis Aladag: And you've been taking a piece of the eight milligrams. So how about this. Do you think you'll feel comfortable if we try doing a half a strip in the morning and then half a strip later in the day. Do you think that would be a comfortable dose.
Perfect.
Anthony Whitmer: Cuz I don't want to get my tolerance way up there by merely starting out in one strip, because the quarter strip that I've been taken, it's working.
Anthony Whitmer: And I feel like five star taking two or three a day that's just kind of defeating the whole purpose if I can keep my car slow and it works for me.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. The other thing about keeping it low, that's very good for you right now is this foot situation.
Belis Aladag: So as we move forward. So let's say we stabilize you you're like okay yeah half a half a film in the morning. So it's four milligram in the morning and then a half later in the day works great.
Belis Aladag: And then you say, well, I'm going to have this foot surgery or some sort of operation or something.
Belis Aladag: I don't want to have to take Norco or Percocet, or anything. If I can avoid it. What we can do is increase your Suboxone dose. And so if you have pain you take an extra half and then maybe another extra half
Belis Aladag: Or something. So we can increase
Anthony Whitmer: The dose was getting ready to say it definitely helps me with my pain tours to good
Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so it gives us wiggle room if we start small and then we have to have stuff for extra pain acute pain issues going on we can add to it together, you and me. Right.
Belis Aladag: And that way you stay out of trouble if we
Belis Aladag: Can avoid getting on any normals percocet fentanyl the lot is, like, Let's stay away from that family if unless we absolutely have to because it just opens a bag of worms that you already know that's what you're trying to avoid
Anthony Whitmer: Right. And I think at this point my life I'm 50 now I think at this point I just, I'm just tired, you know, I mean, I don't want to do all that stuff anymore. And it's a full time job keeping up with it. Yeah, just one relax.
Belis Aladag: You just want to relax. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: It's, it must be exhausting.
Belis Aladag: Is only imagine.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I think that's good any allergies to medication, I need to know about.
Anthony Whitmer: Um, I do have an allergy to it up di
Belis Aladag: ID iodine is an iodine.
Anthony Whitmer: Contrast contrast. I
Anthony Whitmer: Okay there. I do have
Anthony Whitmer: Like Tylenol three coding I break out
Anthony Whitmer: There's nothing
Belis Aladag: So the it's the coding inside you think that causes that so you're not
Coding. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and you get hives with that. Okay, anything else.
Nope.
Belis Aladag: And you said you're not on any other meds your
Belis Aladag: Have you had your like colonoscopy or like stool sample tests where they just checked to see. Oh, you're like chicken your head like, no.
Anthony Whitmer: No, I haven't had that done. Um, yeah.
Belis Aladag: So, so one of the things I don't know what your how's your primary care. So you have you established care with a doctor yet or no.
Anthony Whitmer: Yes, I have.
Anthony Whitmer: I will tell you this, things are a lot different. As far as patient, doctor relationship here. There it is back home in Indiana. I'm sure I haven't really developed a conversation where I can feel comfortable to talk to him about a lot of things. I don't know. Most the time. Oh.
Belis Aladag: I see. So I'm sorry to hear that. And I hope, I hope we can find you somebody that's a good fit and
Anthony Whitmer: Very comfortable
Anthony Whitmer: Because yeah, and I think it's based on my addiction, you know, I mean, because I'm straight up about it. You know, I mean if I need better famous and I know many famous and I tell my history and
Anthony Whitmer: Sometimes, it becomes a little like I'm coming across harsh, if you will, but I don't take premise and the guy you know I take a mess and to function. And I want to find a better way to function.
Belis Aladag: Absolutely. Absolutely. There's nothing wrong with being honest and straightforward. In fact, that's how you will
Belis Aladag: Be okay you will be okay if you keep doing that, it'll lead you to the right place. And sometimes you'll meet resistance because people have their biases or whatever, you know, but
Anthony Whitmer: Sure.
Belis Aladag: You just have faith in yourself that you're doing the right thing. You're being honest and you're trying to be safe and
Belis Aladag: So anyway, I wish you luck with that. Maybe our team could help figure that out for you help you find a primary care provider that could be more understanding and somebody you could look for with, I don't know, maybe bright heart health themselves like us, we can provide that for you to
Anthony Whitmer: Be Awesome.
Belis Aladag: Because it's good to also the me you're 50 years old, not that you're old. But it's a good time to kind of have somebody who can really speak to honestly and like do your health checks, right, like the colon.
Anthony Whitmer: On these different things that happen yeah and and to be I've ran quite hard in my life, you know, I mean, I've done a lot of extreme stuff and hurt my body and now it's time to catch up with you so
Anthony Whitmer: Yeah, that's a good plan. And I really appreciate it. You know, I've been able to talk to you right off the bat that makes me feel good.
Belis Aladag: Okay, good. I'm so glad. Okay. Well, thank you for sharing everything. And I think we're good. I think we're so all I need to do is prescribed this medication. Let me just make sure they have your pharmacy in the system here.
Anthony Whitmer: Be Walgreens here and crushes Chevy California Walgreens.
Patient patients.
Here.
Belis Aladag: So, so you do miss Indiana.
Anthony Whitmer: Know,
Anthony Whitmer: I come out here to change my life I was married for about 18 years. My kids are raised. I got divorced
Anthony Whitmer: Or just a lot of bridges. I've learned over the years because of my addiction and things like that. This one to fresh start. You know, I love it. I love the mountains. Oh no, this is I'm from California.
Belis Aladag: Yes. Yes, you are. You're here. This is your land now.
Belis Aladag: And yeah, I think we have we have your lead sheet right here. I'm sorry minutes
Just want to make sure before I let you go, that I have this
There you are.
Belis Aladag: You're a June, baby. Yay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: You know, I'm sorry too cuz I'm a Gemini to we
Belis Aladag: Got that ago. Okay, so here we have, yes. You have your Walgreens. It's on Elm streets is all right. Okay, great. So I will make sure that that prescription is in
Belis Aladag: I'll let the team know also maybe that you're interested in, perhaps, working on your primary care doctor situation and see what they can do it.
Anthony Whitmer: Really connect to.
Belis Aladag: And then the rest of the program like getting connected to groups and stuff, all that will be explained to i'm sure through virtual clinic. So if you ever have any concerns or like you need to reach anybody. You can always call that virtual clinic call in
Anthony Whitmer: Number.
Belis Aladag: And they get you connected
Anthony Whitmer: It's 24 seven what I understand.
Anthony Whitmer: Okay, okay.
Belis Aladag: So let me do that. I'll put the prescription and then why don't we see each other in a can. We see each other next Friday, like in a week.
Anthony Whitmer: Friday. OK.
Belis Aladag: And then once I hang up right now. If you can call the virtual clinic. Just call a dial in there and say, hey, she wants to see me in a week she was saying Friday and then see about the availability and
Just
Belis Aladag: And that way we you know we follow up and we say, okay, how was the dose is that good goes for you. Do you want to change it if anything changes in between, you can always call or send me a message through as well.
Anthony Whitmer: For the virtual clinic.
Anthony Whitmer: Okay, I appreciate your time, man. Thank you very much.
Belis Aladag: You're welcome.
Anthony Whitmer: And I'll see you soon.
Anthony Whitmer: Okay, bye.